[docs] Prepare for Demo preview environment launch on Tugboat (#4059)
department-of-veterans-affairs/va.gov-cms: READMES/tugboat.md

1. Click the "CMS" project then click "CMS Pull Request Environments"
1. Make a pull request
1. A "Deployment in Progress" message will appear on your GitHub Pull Request, and you will see a new environment appear simultaneiously in the Tugboat dashboard. With the dashboard you can view the preview environment system logs or launch a "terminal" to modify code and/or run drush commands etc.
1. Within 3 minutes a your new preview environment should be created and a GitHub comment will be posted with links to your environment(s) for testing, this includes a WEB (web-\*) link that builds the static site for testing. The WEB environment will take a while to build and will only be stable after all tests pass.
1. After the GitHub comment is posted with your environment links, tests will start running and the checks in the GitHub status check section will switch from "Expected" to "Pending", this test run step will take closer to 30+ minutes to complete.

> **Getting started with CMS Demo Preview Environments **
> TODO ...
>     
> 1. Demo Preview Environments that are inactive for 30 days are subject to deletion. Run the "Lock" operation to prevent this from happening. 
> 1. Demo environments must follow this naming pattern: TODO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Getting started with CMS Demo Preview Environments **

1. Demo Preview Environments that are inactive for 30 days are subject to deletion. Run the "Lock" operation to prevent this from happening. 
1. Demo environments must follow this naming pattern:
   1. For VAMC Systems - `<Geographic location> health care`. E.g. Alexandria health care.
   1. For other CMS products - `<Product name>`. E.g. Resources and support
   1. For personal sandboxes - `<First name Last name>'s Sandbox`. E.g. Dave Conlon's Sandbox.
   1. Avoid creating environments with duplicate names. Check the list of existing environment while sorting by title to quickly scan the list to ensure an environment you're about to create doesn't already exist.

To create a new CMS Demo Preview Environment:

1. Login to Tugboat using GitHub - [Tugboat Projects](https://tugboat.vfs.va.gov/projects)
1. Navigate to CMS > CMS Demo Environments repository OR use a direct link [Tugboat CMS Demo Environments repository](https://tugboat.vfs.va.gov/5ffe2f4dfa1ca136135134f6)
1. Locate "Base Previews" section
   1. Scroll down to locate **Base Previews** section.
1. Clone base preview to create a new Demo Preview Environment.
   1. Locate **master** base preview.
   1. Click on **Actions > Clone**. You have created a clone of base preview environment.
1. Rename the newly created clone.
   1. Locate "master" environment in "Preview" section at the top of the page.
   1. Click "Settings".
   1. Enter new environment name .
   1. Do not change any other settings.
   1. Click "Save Configuration", then "Back to Preview".
   
You have created a new CMS Demo Preview Environment.
```

1. Click the "CMS" project then click "CMS Pull Request Environments"
1. Make a pull request
1. A "Deployment in Progress" message will appear on your GitHub Pull Request, and you will see a new environment appear simultaneiously in the Tugboat dashboard. With the dashboard you can view the preview environment system logs or launch a "terminal" to modify code and/or run drush commands etc.
1. Within 3 minutes a your new preview environment should be created and a GitHub comment will be posted with links to your environment(s) for testing, this includes a WEB (web-\*) link that builds the static site for testing. The WEB environment will take a while to build and will only be stable after all tests pass.
1. After the GitHub comment is posted with your environment links, tests will start running and the checks in the GitHub status check section will switch from "Expected" to "Pending", this test run step will take closer to 30+ minutes to complete.

> **Getting started with CMS Demo Preview Environments **

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Getting started with CMS Demo Preview Environments**
```
